i processed the data  in cpu .. let  me show u 
Understood? yes but we have to run on gpu right?
 Yeah.. Ur training will be on gpu
then why we process data on cpu? 
Its the same.. since its not parallel process.. I collect the information from ../data/train.txt file with this.. 

Oh 
You mean you are splitting the dataset with this only right?
yeah !!!
so it not training right nmow.. No .. it is collecting the info of dataset now. 
but you run the file normal_trainng.py. i was thinking it is for normal training right?

That part collect the trainset and testset 
I understand but it is supposed to go ahead after that, so you mean the training wil start on gpu but only the trainset and testset is running on cu
Yes!!!
it would be faster if gpu!!! anyway :(

You are student of which department? 
Electroninc and computer engineering
Ok!! thats nice.. Do u know when gpu works fast? When it comes to parallel processeing .. in serial processing gpu have no superiority over cpu
Oh!! I dont klnow that!!!
Yeah!

You wanna pray? ok im going to finish this first
 
Let it train till tommorow on car clas
!!listen ---- You have started a empty model with default initialization
so there will  be no reult that u desire of .. in normal object detection the model is  loaded with pretrained weights on imagenet .. 
what u can do here is u take the weights of coco dataset. and start the training for car cls .. like u did here .. 
-------
wait and watch..


listen 
let me load the weights for u .I didnt write the code to load weights in that way ..  
What is weight type u have collected?
.CKPT .. How many classes? 80 ok 



listens .. just copy the coco.names file in the data directory 
YES
WAIT

What is the error here? weights and the code model are not compitable .... i  think ... ok download the weights form the link i m providing u 
copy paste here
ok
 wait 
great .. let me take over u 

make a txt file of 80 classes names 

let find these weights i think i have 
thisy feiale right? yeash 

let me copy it

https://pjreddie.com/media/files/yolov3.weights

let me take over 
 its around 1:24AM5 min 

Hi!!! Bro, Can i leave lab


u can leave .. i will continue ur work 

Thanks!!! Please put it on car class training i will text you from whatsapp once i a reach room... ok 

U want to say anything?



U can see the print out there ?  only the last layer will always dropout ... when u inherit weight of model that has a different classes .. like car and person is a model .. ther
is only two classes. so when u inhereit the weight the last layer of 80 clas model will drop out .. 







Fine ... continue ok ... bye for  now .. !!!!!!!!!  thanks..mention not.. 


Note:

I started the distilled training again.. i updated some parts of the code...

I train increemntal for 3 epochs and evaluted both class.. is 

















